Connection problems fix (#53)
eclipse-ankaios/ank-sdk-python: examples/follow_state/README.md

# `follow_state` Example

> The `follow_state` example will attept to get the state of the cluster every 5 seconds, in an infinite loop and print it in the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `follow_state` example will attempt to get the state of the Ankaios cluster every 5 seconds, in an infinite loop and print it in the console.
```

Author: Fixed in the latest commit.

## Running and stopping the workload

> To run or stop the example take a look at the [README](../README.md) in the part folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run or stop the example take a look at the [README](../README.md) in the parent folder.
```

Reviewer: Done in the last commit.
